---
layout: post
title: MITx 6.005.1x Software Construction in Java -- Testing
description: "MIT software foundation reading part II -- code review"
modified: 2016-09-28
tags: [daily log, MOOC, MIT Challenge, code review]
image:
  feature: 
link: https://courses.edx.org/courses/course-v1:MITx+6.005.1x+3T2016/courseware/Readings_Videos/02-Code-Review/
---
# Summary:

- Test-first programming. Write tests before you write code.
- Partitioning and boundaries for choosing test cases auomatically.
- White box testing and statement coverage for filling out a test suite
- Unit-testing each module in isolation as much as possible 
- Automated regression testing to test bugs from coming back

# Why testing:

- **safe from bugs**. Testing is about finding bugs in your code and test-first programming is about finding them as early as possible, immediately after you introduce them.

- **Easy to understand** . Testing doesn't help with this as much as code review does.

- **Ready for change**. Readiness for change was considered by writing tests that only depend on behavior in the spec. We also talked about automated agression testing, which helps keep bugs from coming back when changes are made to code.

# Contents:

Testig is an example of a more general process called validation.

Validation includes:
- **Formal reasoning** about a programm, usually called verification. Verification constructs a formal proof that a progam is correct. Verification is tedious to do by hand, and automated tool support for verification is still an active area of research. Nevertheless, small, crucial pieces of a program may be formally verified, such as that schedular in an operating system, or the bytecode interpreter in a virtual machine, or the filesystems in an operating system.

- **Code Review** Having somebody else carefully read your code, and reason informally about it,can be a good way to uncover bugs. It's much like having somebody else proofread an eassy you have written. 

- **Testing** Running the program on carefully selected inputs and checking the results.

Even with the best validation, it's stll hard  to achieve perfect quality in software.

Here are some typical residual defect rates (bugs left over after the software has shipped) per kloc (one thousand lines of source code):

1 - 10 defects/kloc: Typical industry software.
0.1 - 1 defects/kloc: High-quality validation. The Java libraries might achieve this level of correctness.
0.01 - 0.1 defects/kloc: The very best, safety-critical validation. NASA and aerospace companies can achieve this level.
This can be discouraging for large systems. For example, if you have shipped a million lines of typical industry source code (1 defect/kloc), it means you missed 1000 bugs!

# WHY SOFTWARE TESTING IS HARD

- **Exhaustive testing** is infeasible. The space of possible test cases is generally too big to cover exhaustively. Imagine exhaustively testing a 32-bit floating-point multiply operation, a*b. There are 2^64 test cases!

- **Haphazard testing** (“just try it and see if it works”) is less likely to find bugs, unless the program is so buggy that an arbitrarily-chosen input is more likely to fail than to succeed. It also doesn't increase our confidence in program correctness.

- **Random or statistical testing** doesn't work well for software. Other engineering disciplines can test small random samples (e.g. 1% of hard drives manufactured) and infer the defect rate for the whole production lot. Physical systems can use many tricks to speed up time, like opening a refrigerator 1000 times in 24 hours instead of 10 years. These tricks give known failure rates (e.g. mean lifetime of a hard drive), but they assume continuity or uniformity across the space of defects. This is true for physical artifacts.

# putting on your testing hat

 Testing requires having the right attitude. When you are coding, you try to make the program work, but as a tester, you want to make it fail.

 That's sublte difference but important difference. It is all too tempting to treate code you've just written as a precious thing, a fraggile eggshell, and test it very lightly to see it work.

 Instead, you have to be brutal!! A good tester weilds a good slegehammer and beats the program everywhere it might be vulnerable, so that those vulnerabilities can be eliminated.

 # Test-first programming

 test early and oftern. Don't leave tesing until the end, when you have a big pile of unvalidated code. Leaving testing until the end only makes the debugging longer and more painful, because bugs may be anywhere in your code. it's far more pleasant to test your code as you edvelop it.

 In test-first-programming, you write tests before you even write any code. The development of a single function proceeds in this order:

 1. Write a specification for the function.
 2. Write tests that exercise the specification.
 3. Write the actual code. Once your code passes the tests you wrote, you're done.

The specification describes the input and output behavior of the function. It gives the types of the parameters and any additional constraints on them (e.g. sqrt's parameter must be nonnegative). It also gives the type of the return value and describes how the return value relates to the inputs. You've already seen and used specifications on your problem sets in this class. In code, the specification consists of the method signature and the comment above it that describes what it does. We'll have much more to say about specifications a few classes from now.


